This program is a free game aid for GURPS Traveller.

GURPS is a trademark of Steve Jackson Games, and its rules and art are
copyrighted by Steve Jackson Games. All rights are reserved by Steve Jackson
Games. This game aid is the original creation of David Ripton and is released
for free distribution, and not for resale, under the permissions granted in the
<a href="http://www.sjgames.com/general/online_policy.html">Steve Jackson Games
Online Policy</a>.

Traveller is a trademark of Marc Miller and Far Future Enterprises.

This program is intended to comply with Steve Jackson Games' online policy,
which is incompatible with Open Source licenses (because they allow selling
while the SJ Games Online Policy only allows giving away for free.)  So I have
to use a custom license.  It's based on the MIT license, but slightly modified
to disallow selling the program:

Copyright (c) 2021 David Ripton

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction (EXCEPT THAT IT CANNOT BE SOLD), including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish (ONLY FOR
FREE), distribute, sublicense, BUT NOT TO SELL copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
